Update README.md (#393)
jitsi/jitsi-meet-electron: README.md

There is a known issue which prevents the app from starting on some Linux distributions: #231

> If after download, you can't execute directly, try command `chmod u+x ./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage.AppImage`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If after downloading it, you can't execute the file directly, try running `chmod u+x ./jitsi-meet-x86_64.AppImage.AppImage`
```
